Introduction
Minesweeper Tetris is a brand new 2D casual game that combines the best elements of two classic games, Minesweeper and Tetris. 
The difference from traditional Minesweeper is that the minefield of Minesweeper Tetris is constantly growing upwards, and the player will not die immediately after hitting the mine by mistake, but the size of the minefield grows until it reaches the edge. 
Similar to Tetris, the row is cleared when the player finds all the mines in a row. When the line count is low, the game triggers Tetris, awarding massive points and adding multiple lines quickly.
As the number of score increases, the game will level up and the minefield will grow faster, making the game more hard and exciting.
There are three difficulties in the game: Easy, Normal and Hard. You can also customize the size of the board and the number of mines through shortcut keys. 
When the game is over, the player's score will be recorded in the high score list so that they can compete with other players. 
Gameplay
Right-clicking will mark the square as a question mark instead of a flag. Only when the square is absolutely certain that there are no mines will it be marked as a flag, e.g. left click on a mine. 
You can mark a square as flag by clicking on the number around it, you don't have to click left and right buttons simultaneously. The game will automatically and intelligently mark the flag according to the situation of marked, unmarked squares and mines.
Feature
The in-game tutorial will teach you how to play the game. The illustrations of help menu will help you understand the gameplay, rules and minesweeping skills. 
The built-in music in the game can also help you relieve nervous tension during the game. The game's sound effects will remind you of the status of minesweeping. 
The hidden AI system can automatically clear mines, helping you understand and learn the process of minesweeping. 
Minesweeper Tetris is a brand new 2D casual game that combines the best elements of two classic games, Minesweeper and Tetris. The minefield is constantly growing upwards, and row is cleared when the player finds all mines in it.